Version - 9/14/18
Returns and Exchanges


We offer returns and exchanges within 30 days of purchase and require proof of purchase. To be eligible for a return or exchange, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging. The buyer is responsible for return shipping and ensuring the products arrive in good condition.
Once your return or exchange is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund or exchange.
If approved, then your refund or exchange will be processed.  If applicable a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within 5-7 business days. Exchanges will be mailed out within 5 business days of approval.
Please reach out us at 3rdEyeSupply@gmail.com to request a refund or exchange.
Sale Items
Only regular priced items may be refunded or exchanged, unfortunately, sale items cannot be refunded or exchanged.
Shipping
To return your product, you should mail your product to:
3rd Eye Supply
1155 E Twain Ave #108279
Las Vegas NV 89169
The buyer is responsible for paying the return shipping costs. We recommend using a service with a tracking number as we are not responsible for items lost in the mail.
Depending on where you live, the shipping time for your exchange may vary.


__________________________________


Refund Policy


-----


Returns


Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.


To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.


Several types of goods are exempt from being returned. Perishable goods such as food, flowers, newspapers or magazines cannot be returned. We also do not accept products that are intimate or sanitary goods, hazardous materials, or flammable liquids or gases.


Additional non-returnable items:
Gift cards
Downloadable software products
Some health and personal care items


To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.


There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted (if applicable):
Book with obvious signs of use
CD, DVD, VHS tape, software, video game, cassette tape, or vinyl record that has been opened
Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error
Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery


Refunds (if applicable)
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.


Late or missing refunds (if applicable)
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at 3rdeyesupply@gmail.com.


Sale items (if applicable)
Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.


Exchanges (if applicable)
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged.  If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at 3rdeyesupply@gmail.com and send your item to: 1155 S Twaqin Ave #108279, Las Vegas NV 89169.


Gifts
If the item was marked as a gift when purchased and shipped directly to you, you’ll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the returned item is received, a gift certificate will be emailed to you.


If the item wasn’t marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had the order shipped to themselves to give to you later, we will send a refund directly to the gift giver.


Shipping
To return your product, you should mail your product to: 1155 E Twain Ave #108279, Las Vegas NV 89169


You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.


Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.


If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.


-----